let's see how doable earthly activities
would be
out there in the cosmos you open your
eyes in the morning
yawn and stand up from your bed but
standing up
means having an up to stand too in empty
space
there's extremely little gravity almost
none for your senses to make sense of
so good luck telling up from down
the universe is mostly empty space
between stars and other objects
but in some areas matter is pressed so
densely
that it forms black holes and if you
pass the event horizon
you're crossing a border where mornings
simply do not exist
because time doesn't pass at all you
wouldn't know it though
if you accidentally fell into a black
hole the difference in gravity between
your head and feet
would be so immense your body would get
stretched out like a spaghetti noodle
yes this process is actually called
spaghettification
um pass the meatballs please and forget
about
yawning on your new home minus the
obvious no
oxygen thing you couldn't find a place
with the right pressure for it
venus would be way too much the pressure
there is what it's like at 3
000 feet under water mars wouldn't give
enough
it's less than one percent of the
pressure on earth even the air outside a
plane at cruising altitude
is 40 times thicker and that stuff's
unbreathable
hey mars does have some strangely
earth-like features
look there are faces fish and spoons on
the surface
oh never mind those are just oddly
shaped rocks
now toothbrushing wouldn't be much
different if you don't mind tiny bits of
toothpaste floating around you
but showering in zero-g is challenging
the water wouldn't flow down to wash the
soap off you and
into the drain you need gravity for that
astronauts use
wet towels to wipe their bodies clean
they don't even have sinks on the iss or
other spacecraft a rogue planet
with a romantic name simpo136
seems to have a magnetic field 200 times
stronger than jupiter's
any electronics wouldn't even start
working so bad news for your gadgets
the human brain is an electrochemical
machine too
so it probably have troubles functioning
as well
you'd need superman strength to lift
weights on a neutron star
imagine millions of earths packed up
into a ball
a little bigger than manhattan with that
kind of density
a teaspoon of neutron star material
weighs
10 million tons if you get to the
surface
your body will be instantly squished
down and spread in a layer
one atom thick congrats you're now
two dimensional now if in 2d you could
somehow still
see the view would be magnificent all
the stars crossing the sky
thousands of times every second in all
directions
it'd also be pretty dizzying alright
sports and neutron stars don't mix
do your power lifting on mercury instead
the gravity there would make you
and your weights almost three times
lighter so if you
normally weigh 200 pounds you're now
down to 76
you can also jump over four feet in the
air
don't practice your jumping on comet 67p
though
its gravity is so weak your jump would
surpass
its escape velocity that's the minimum
speed you need to escape the pull of
gravity
like rockets blasting off earth on this
comet
you jump up and go floating off into
space
golfing on the moon would be fun your
ball would fly for miles before the
moon's weak gravity brought it back down
better not try teeing off on neptune
methane winds blow
1200 miles per hour almost twice the
speed of sound
plus there are no signs of a surface to
make holes in
so a golf course would be more like a
golf pool
same problem with building wind power
stations on the planet hd189733b
great energy potential in winds blowing
at 4 000 miles per hour
at chicago to new york in about 12
minutes but it rains
glass there so best to just stay away
from this one
better avoid dancing in the rain on
venus too drops of sulfuric acid about
20 times hotter than the air you breathe
falls from the skies plus there's that
immense pressure
92 times heavier than here on earth
jupiter's moon
io looks kind of like a cheese pizza
don't you think
maybe a moldy one its surface probably
resembles a giant stove with burners
everywhere
those are all active volcanoes um
all this food talk makes me wonder could
you eat or drink in space if there isn't
enough gravity
to pull your food down the chute no
that's one thing you still could do
mussels in your food pipe work to push
stuff down in your stomach
not gravity yes you technically can eat
hanging upside down
though you shouldn't if you like
swimming one of saturn's moon's
enceladus could make a nice new home for
you
under its icy shield it might contain a
salty ocean
a really cold one so you'll need a warm
diving suit
double that up for swimming in the lakes
of titan saturn's largest moon
they seem to be made of methane or you
could settle down on saturn's other moon
pan if you're a fan of ravioli it looks
just like one
there's also prometheus saturn's
potato-esque moon
imagine seeing all these weird shapes in
the night sky from the planet's surface
if your hobby is metallurgy the
exoplanet
corot 7b has a surface temperature that
reaches 4700 degrees
that's enough to melt and evaporate rock
not only metal
kelt 9b might even be too hot for such a
hobby
the surface temperature on the day side
of this massive planet
twice the size of jupiter is higher than
on some stars
it can reach 7800 degrees our own sun is
only a couple of thousand degrees hotter
if you like diamonds
exoplanet jansen is one-third of the
stuff
this diamond planet would cost around 27
no million dollars though having
traveled 40 light years from earth
you could surely ask for a discount get
a few of those 30 zeros taken off
you'll get the best pictures for your
social media on trappist 1b
orbiting its red star along with six
other major planets
it must have magnificent panoramas at
night
with up to six moon-like objects in the
night sky you'll be swimming in likes
your calendar will be useless outside of
earth dr william herschel discovered
uranus in 1781
that's 239 years ago for us but less
than three years for uranus
where one year lasts 84 earth years
since its discovery in 1846 neptune
only completed its first trip around the
sun in 2011
165 years passed here on earth
pluto hasn't even had a year since we
found it in 1930
that won't happen until the year 2178
248 earth years later some exoplanets
have one year almost equal to a million
earth years
the good thing they don't have to file
their income tax return so often
your watch won't make much sense outside
of earth's 24-hour cycle either
the shortest day in the solar system is
on jupiter and lasts
less than 10 hours the longest day is on
venus
it's 116 earth days if you're looking
for some familiarity
head to mars its solar day is 25 hours
not too different than earth's if you
wear glasses or contact lenses
the universe has the most powerful one
you could imagine
a gravitational lens a massive object
bends space-time around it
and refracts light rays just like other
optical instruments such as glasses and
microscopes
you can look at a star billions of light
years away and see four identical stars
around it
but those are the same star its light is
just being bent and quadrupled around it
you could search for your new home
forever experts think the milky way
galaxy alone
has up to 400 billion stars most with
multiple planets orbiting them and there
are still
billions of galaxies in the universe so
just
imagine how many extreme and bizarre
places are yet to be discovered
good luck house hunting out there it's a
big market that's only getting bigger by
the second